# Privacy Policy 

Last updated: April 28, 2026 

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service, and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. 

We use Your Personal Data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator. 

## Interpretation and Definitions 

### Interpretation 

The words whose initial letters are capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural. 

### Definitions 

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:  

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.  
- **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest, or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.  
- **Application** refers to Upendo, the software program provided by the Company. 
- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us", or "Our" in this Privacy Policy) refers to Upendo. 
- **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device, or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses. 
- **Country** refers to: Zambia. 
- **Device** means any device that can access the Service, such as a computer, a cell phone, or a digital tablet. 
- **Personal Data** (or "Personal Information") is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. We use "Personal Data" and "Personal Information" interchangeably unless a law uses a specific term. 
- **Service** refers to the Application, or the Website, or both. 
- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. 
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself. 
- **Website** refers to Upendo, accessible from `https://www.upendo.vip.` 
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable. 

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data 

### Types of Data Collected 

#### Personal Data 

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:  

- Email address  
- First name and last name  

#### Usage Data 

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service. 

#### Information Collected while Using the Application 

While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with Your prior permission:  

- Information regarding your location  
- Pictures and other information from your Device's camera and photo library  

### Use of Your Personal Data 

The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:  

- To provide and maintain our Service  
- To manage Your Account  
- For the performance of a contract  
- To contact You  
- To provide You with news, special offers, and general information  
- To manage Your requests  
- For business transfers  
- For other purposes such as data analysis  

### Retention of Your Personal Data 

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. 

### Delete Your Personal Data 

You have the right to delete, or request that We assist in deleting, the Personal Data that We have collected about You. 

### Disclosure of Your Personal Data 

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the following situations:  

- With Service Providers  
- For business transfers  
- With Affiliates  
- With business partners  
- With other users  
- With Your consent  

### Security of Your Personal Data 

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. 

### Children's Privacy 

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 16. 

### Links to Other Websites 

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit. 

### Changes to this Privacy Policy 

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. 

### Contact Us 

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:  

By email: upendo.vip@gmail.com